just write nicely excited see on the
shop
did you like the car
my friends safe we're in Iceland
ah you're so cute
turn around semi so cake you guys so
cute
you did last time yeah
I needed
the Belgian we get fed target re to
attack their Imperial business really
got a cottage just wrong man
that's three bailiffs if these are the
ones that we use use mine for the
Palestine competition because I'm the
best
maybe I am the best pair in the world
no no these are the little buried rats
but I tell you what happened with the
little bridge wraps the more you know
sure yeah
oh my god closer those got pickled eggs
than you any three yeah I know he does
but I want three thank you
I should share your twinsies today
mister see that's the three meter let's
see how many revolutions I can get if
it's just like relaxed
yeah it is the three-minute sure find
them two different parts yeah you do
from the three made of height and I'll
do it from all the way down here what
else what body of these together and
where the sections together
yeah it's a real pleasure
[Music]
how's that on your
so we're squatting together there's
something that I was a little bit
worried about is when Thor said were
training together he didn't say we're
squatting today like I call this squat
session but he invited me to leg session
and I know how to read between the lines
of Thor these days he wants to get the
lines and the shapes he wants to get a
physique back so so there's two
different ways of training this what
they in there's leg day and I just found
out what he meant by that but he's got a
lot more fitness than me so it'll be
nervous what we're working up to
something light for him which will be
heavy for me because it's kind of strong
we don't know the number you know what I
have a number in mind I think 260 I
think
- Australia is efficiency plus
[Music]
from here who decides yeah that's really
neat
there is the buttons he gets the ticket
approval that's a very tiny wrap
yeah fullest become quite the technical
lifted a station like a proud dad yeah
technical and every part of these
lifting from the knee wraps with
warm-ups to his movements
[Music]
okay first we look at this not easy this
take off you know a lot of guys have
trouble to take these off every cell but
[Music]
yeah yeah which is a surprise because
I've been traveling just nice maybe I
can't keep up with you but you did two
reps on that I only did one y'all gonna
set my energy T already look at this guy
you're gonna give me something man feel
like it's wrong guy or something what's
the next fight another eight what do I
think
okay I think those rules
extremely pronounced like myself trained
the similar way like I jump like quick
you up but you're doing it wrong bus all
this time like what's your best foot for
60 so mine is 375 so let's talk about
percentages of that because the world
Strongest Man goes up in 50s maybe you
guys can tell me like is there a
difference here come on guys but I'm
look I'm not gonna complain that's it
I'm not complaining hey guess what I'm
doing next for Reds so this is 225 that
means the next that's gonna be 275 25 I
did 284 5 but I was like in Australia
and the comfort of my own home having
been flying for hours 5 and 20
[Music]
yeah anything I'm stronger than you when
you're fast asleep okay it's your turn
brother just one run
I've got coach Andre giving me what ifs
the second one we go in the center so
it's not just two over the same spot now
that is going to give you some bounce
out of the hole
[Music]
yeah
nice fall bro one two three four I
promise
damn wait nine give me ten baby
Gillette selector yep
robear that's right four four four four
nice
that's how you rap guys see those squats
that's very well done
just one more second let's do this
finish [__] strong let's go squeeze
your back hard
[Music]
No
[Applause]
six-six you know
yeah
[Music]
maybe 90 seconds between us maybe you
can do six
step on that bus this woman
perhaps
twenty-five rubs if it's like red plates
[Applause]
yeah how many sets two more three sets
total Sexton
oh [__] oh god listen I wasn't sure if I
was so I wasn't sure doubles the 25th of
their sixth oldest jewelry I told you he
just wanted to go through him later on
and say that he did more than me going
on here too
[Music]
friends
right right hey brother I know you're
doing it too honey get more rest my turn
I'm gonna see this guy I got you bro
25:25 or should we say 26 hot dog sex
six down not 26 no you stopped the time
when he views 90 seconds from now 31
seconds ago how's that sound
I can feel my legs in a very different
way to how I would normally
oh man the last time I went about five
reps on anything legs I mean upper body
easier to do the bottom four legs let's
get this over and done with
yeah three sets 25 for you yeah you
almost set to go
[Music]
you